directional	학교_goal 로_particle 가요_direction
directional	미국_goal 으로_particle 날아가요_direction
directional	밖_goal 으로_particle 탈출해요_direction
directional	경찰서_goal 로_particle 끌고와요_direction
directional	휴게소_goal 로_particle 이동해요_direction
directional	차고_goal 로_particle 움직여요_direction
directional	고속도로_goal 로_particle 질주해요_direction
directional	코너_goal 로_particle 몰아요_direction
directional	하수구_goal 로_particle 부어요_direction
directional	안_goal 으로_particle 당겨요_direction
directional	광장_goal 으로_particle 끌어요_direction
directional	방_goal 으로_particle 날아와요_direction
directional	공사장_goal 으로_particle 운반해요_direction
directional	주차장_goal 으로_particle 견인해요_direction
directional	식탁_goal 으로_particle 날라요_direction
directional	선반_goal 으로_particle 옮겨요_direction
directional	창밖_goal 으로_particle 밀어요_direction
directional	옆_goal 으로_particle 받아요_direction
directional	집_goal 으로_particle 수령해요_direction
directional	목적지_goal 로_particle 운전해요_direction
directional	이쪽_goal 으로_particle 회전해요_direction
directional	금고_goal 로_particle 숨겨요_direction
directional	가게_goal 로_particle 배달해요_direction
directional	건물_goal 로_particle 들이받아요_direction
directional	아래_goal 로_particle 비춰요_direction
directional	천_goal 으로_particle 배요_direction
directional	피부_goal 로_particle 나와요_direction
directional	감옥_goal 으로_particle 끌려가요_direction
directional	담요_goal 로_particle 엎어져요_direction
directional	소쿠리_goal 로_particle 차넣어요_direction
directional	세탁기_goal 로_particle 던져요_direction
directional	가방_goal 으로_particle 쑤셔넣어요_direction
directional	창고_goal 로_particle 가져가요_direction
directional	바닷물_goal 로_particle 내던져요_direction
directional	이불_goal 로_particle 숨어요_direction
directional	연기_goal 로_particle 돌진해요_direction
directional	컴퓨터_goal 로_particle 쏟아요_direction
directional	머리_goal 로_particle 끼얹어요_direction
directional	불_goal 로_particle 뛰어들어요_direction
directional	포크레인_goal 으로_particle 올라타요_direction
directional	몸_goal 으로_particle 스며요_direction
directional	지하철_goal 로_particle 걸어가요_direction
directional	트럭_goal 으로_particle 실어요_direction
directional	공항_goal 으로_particle 도착해요_direction
directional	침대_goal 로_particle 기어가요_direction
directional	활주로_goal 로_particle 출발해요_direction
directional	냄비_goal 로_particle 튀어요_direction
directional	부엌_goal 으로_particle 가져와요_direction
directional	부산_goal 으로_particle 놀러가요_direction
directional	옷장_goal 으로_particle 들어가요_direction
directional	공중_goal 으로_particle 뿌려요_direction
directional	화장실_goal 로_particle 달려가요_direction
directional	다락방_goal 로_particle 올라가요_direction
directional	허공_goal 으로_particle 날려요_direction
directional	공원_goal 으로_particle 걸어와요_direction
directional	언덕_goal 으로_particle 추락해요_direction
directional	옷_goal 으로_particle 스며들어요_direction
directional	비탈_goal 로_particle 굴러가요_direction
directional	항구_goal 로_particle 돌아와요_direction
directional	논밭_goal 으로_particle 살포해요_direction
directional	운동장_goal 으로_particle 달려와요_direction
directional	바다_goal 로_particle 흘러가요_direction
directional	통로_goal 로_particle 지나가요_direction
directional	복도_goal 로_particle 뛰어가요_direction
directional	목욕탕_goal 으로_particle 뛰어와요_direction
directional	변기_goal 로_particle 내뛰어요_direction
directional	문_goal 으로_particle 내달려요_direction
directional	옆사람_goal 으로_particle 옮아가요_direction
directional	세계_goal 로_particle 퍼져요_direction
directional	저리_goal 로_particle 물러가요_direction
directional	시계탑_goal 으로_particle 모여요_direction
directional	숲_goal 으로_particle 흩어져요_direction
directional	물속_goal 으로_particle 끌어당겨요_direction
directional	어둠_goal 으로_particle 사라져요_direction
directional	벽_goal 으로_particle 밀어붙여요_direction
directional	옥상_goal 으로_particle 피해요_direction
directional	호놀룰루_goal 로_particle 비행해요_direction
directional	산_goal 으로_particle 도망가요_direction
directional	경찰서_goal 로_particle 달아나요_direction
directional	골목_goal 으로_particle 도망쳐요_direction
directional	해외_goal 로_particle 도피해요_direction
directional	외국_goal 으로_particle 내빼요_direction
directional	친구네_goal 로_particle 놀러와요_direction
directional	시골_goal 로_particle 잠적해요_direction
directional	들판_goal 으로_particle 거닐어요_direction
directional	거리_goal 로_particle 탈주해요_direction
directional	저기_goal 로_particle 걷혀요_direction
directional	뒤_goal 로_particle 자빠져요_direction
directional	여기_goal 로_particle 넘어져요_direction
directional	앞_goal 으로_particle 고꾸라져요_direction
directional	저쪽_goal 으로_particle 거꾸러져요_direction
directional	땅속_goal 으로_particle 파묻어요_direction
directional	왼쪽_goal 으로_particle 구부러져요_direction
directional	땅_goal 으로_particle 엎드려요_direction
directional	하늘_goal 로_particle 샘솟아요_direction
directional	위_goal 로_particle 솟아올라요_direction
directional	사방_goal 으로_particle 뻗쳐요_direction
directional	옆쪽_goal 으로_particle 내뻗어요_direction
directional	우주_goal 로_particle 튀어올라요_direction
directional	강_goal 으로_particle 흘러들어요_direction
instrumental	택시_tool 로_particle 가요_use
instrumental	비행기_tool 로_particle 날아가요_use
instrumental	배_tool 로_particle 탈출해요_use
instrumental	밧줄_tool 로_particle 끌고와요_use
instrumental	자동차_tool 로_particle 이동해요_use
instrumental	발_tool 로_particle 움직여요_use
instrumental	오토바이_tool 로_particle 질주해요_use
instrumental	사냥개_tool 로_particle 몰아요_use
instrumental	주전자_tool 로_particle 부어요_use
instrumental	실_tool 로_particle 당겨요_use
instrumental	자석_tool 으로_particle 끌어요_use
instrumental	날개_tool 로_particle 날아와요_use
instrumental	지게_tool 로_particle 운반해요_use
instrumental	토잉카_tool 로_particle 견인해요_use
instrumental	수레_tool 로_particle 날라요_use
instrumental	박스_tool 로_particle 옮겨요_use
instrumental	엉덩이_tool 로_particle 밀어요_use
instrumental	입_tool 으로_particle 받아요_use
instrumental	택배_tool 로_particle 수령해요_use
instrumental	내비게이션_tool 으로_particle 운전해요_use
instrumental	전기_tool 로_particle 회전해요_use
instrumental	커튼_tool 으로_particle 숨겨요_use
instrumental	자전거_tool 로_particle 배달해요_use
instrumental	헬멧_tool 으로_particle 들이받아요_use
instrumental	거울_tool 로_particle 비춰요_use
instrumental	천_tool 으로_particle 말아요_use
instrumental	피부_tool 로_particle 느껴요_use
instrumental	감옥_tool 으로_particle 활용해요_use
instrumental	담요_tool 로_particle 감춰요_use
instrumental	소쿠리_tool 로_particle 담아가요_use
instrumental	건조기_tool 로_particle 말려요_use
instrumental	가방_tool 으로_particle 가려요_use
instrumental	창고_tool 로_particle 써요_use
instrumental	바닷물_tool 로_particle 만들어요_use
instrumental	이불_tool 로_particle 대신해요_use
instrumental	연기_tool 로_particle 둘러싸요_use
instrumental	컴퓨터_tool 로_particle 조작해요_use
instrumental	머리_tool 로_particle 부딪쳐요_use
instrumental	불_tool 로_particle 삶아요_use
instrumental	포크레인_tool 으로_particle 부숴요_use
instrumental	몸_tool 으로_particle 말해요_use
instrumental	지하철_tool 로_particle 출근해요_use
instrumental	트럭_tool 으로_particle 깔아뭉개요_use
instrumental	공항_tool 으로_particle 사용해요_use
instrumental	침대_tool 로_particle 바꿔요_use
instrumental	활주로_tool 로_particle 대체해요_use
instrumental	냄비_tool 로_particle 뭉개요_use
instrumental	부엌_tool 으로_particle 꾸며요_use
instrumental	부산_tool 으로_particle 정해요_use
instrumental	옷장_tool 으로_particle 막아요_use
instrumental	설탕_tool 으로_particle 문질러요_use
instrumental	글자_tool 로_particle 설명해요_use
instrumental	깃털_tool 로_particle 건드려요_use
instrumental	색연필_tool 로_particle 칠해요_use
instrumental	주걱_tool 으로_particle 으깨요_use
instrumental	주먹_tool 으로_particle 때려요_use
instrumental	아령_tool 으로_particle 운동해요_use
instrumental	손_tool 으로_particle 주물러요_use
instrumental	숟가락_tool 으로_particle 따요_use
instrumental	손가락_tool 으로_particle 가리켜요_use
instrumental	비누_tool 로_particle 씻어요_use
instrumental	벽돌_tool 로_particle 쌓아요_use
instrumental	뒤집개_tool 로_particle 뒤집어요_use
instrumental	기계_tool 로_particle 돌려요_use
instrumental	풀_tool 로_particle 붙여요_use
instrumental	삽_tool 으로_particle 파요_use
instrumental	면봉_tool 으로_particle 짜요_use
instrumental	소금_tool 으로_particle 담궈요_use
instrumental	스케치_tool 로_particle 묘사해요_use
instrumental	괴성_tool 으로_particle 표출해요_use
instrumental	기호_tool 로_particle 표시해요_use
instrumental	전자렌지_tool 로_particle 구워요_use
instrumental	축구화_tool 로_particle 걷어차요_use
instrumental	신호_tool 로_particle 나타내요_use
instrumental	바가지_tool 로_particle 퍼요_use
instrumental	젓가락_tool 으로_particle 덜어요_use
instrumental	믹서기_tool 로_particle 갈아요_use
instrumental	전화_tool 로_particle 이야기해요_use
instrumental	장갑_tool 으로_particle 만져요_use
instrumental	숯_tool 으로_particle 문대요_use
instrumental	고추장_tool 으로_particle 비벼요_use
instrumental	비_tool 로_particle 쓸어요_use
instrumental	철사_tool 로_particle 감아요_use
instrumental	채찍_tool 으로_particle 후려쳐요_use
instrumental	흙_tool 으로_particle 메워요_use
instrumental	가시_tool 로_particle 찔러요_use
instrumental	집게_tool 로_particle 꼬집어요_use
instrumental	바늘_tool 로_particle 쑤셔요_use
instrumental	물_tool 로_particle 적셔요_use
instrumental	붓_tool 으로_particle 발라요_use
instrumental	이빨_tool 로_particle 물어뜯어요_use
instrumental	잔소리_tool 로_particle 들볶아요_use
instrumental	막대기_tool 로_particle 두들겨요_use
instrumental	망치_tool 로_particle 무너뜨려요_use
instrumental	곤봉_tool 으로_particle 난타해요_use
instrumental	마술_tool 로_particle 물리쳐요_use
instrumental	프린터_tool 로_particle 인쇄해요_use
instrumental	칼_tool 로_particle 깎아요_use
instrumental	지시봉_tool 으로_particle 짚어요_use
instrumental	걸레_tool 로_particle 청소해요_use
undetermined	종업원_entity 으로_particle 일해요_action
undetermined	과로_entity 로_particle 쓰러져요_action
undetermined	강제_entity 로_particle 시켜요_action
undetermined	아침저녁_entity 으로_particle 선선해요_action