directional	학교_goal 로_particle 가요_direction 가요_move
directional	미국_goal 으로_particle 날아가요_direction 날아가요_move
directional	밖_goal 으로_particle 탈출해요_direction 탈출해요_move
directional	경찰서_goal 로_particle 끌고와요_direction 끌고와요_move
directional	휴게소_goal 로_particle 이동해요_direction 이동해요_move
directional	차고_goal 로_particle 움직여요_direction 움직여요_move
directional	고속도로_goal 로_particle 질주해요_direction 질주해요_move
directional	코너_goal 로_particle 몰아요_direction 몰아요_move
directional	하수구_goal 로_particle 부어요_direction 부어요_move
directional	안_goal 으로_particle 당겨요_direction 당겨요_move
directional	광장_goal 으로_particle 끌어요_direction 끌어요_move
directional	방_goal 으로_particle 날아와요_direction 날아와요_move
directional	공사장_goal 으로_particle 운반해요_direction 운반해요_move
directional	주차장_goal 으로_particle 견인해요_direction 견인해요_move
directional	식탁_goal 으로_particle 날라요_direction 날라요_move
directional	선반_goal 으로_particle 옮겨요_direction 옮겨요_move
directional	창밖_goal 으로_particle 밀어요_direction 밀어요_move
directional	옆_goal 으로_particle 받아요_direction 받아요_move
directional	집_goal 으로_particle 수령해요_direction 수령해요_move
directional	목적지_goal 로_particle 운전해요_direction 운전해요_move
directional	이쪽_goal 으로_particle 회전해요_direction 회전해요_move
directional	금고_goal 로_particle 숨겨요_direction 숨겨요_move
directional	가게_goal 로_particle 배달해요_direction 배달해요_move
directional	건물_goal 로_particle 들이받아요_direction 들이받아요_move
directional	아래_goal 로_particle 비춰요_direction 비춰요_move
directional	천_goal 으로_particle 배요_direction 배요_move
directional	피부_goal 로_particle 나와요_direction 나와요_move
directional	감옥_goal 으로_particle 끌려가요_direction 끌려가요_move
directional	담요_goal 로_particle 엎어져요_direction 엎어져요_move
directional	소쿠리_goal 로_particle 차넣어요_direction 차넣어요_move
directional	세탁기_goal 로_particle 던져요_direction 던져요_move
directional	가방_goal 으로_particle 쑤셔넣어요_direction 쑤셔넣어요_move
directional	창고_goal 로_particle 가져가요_direction 가져가요_move
directional	바닷물_goal 로_particle 내던져요_direction 내던져요_move
directional	이불_goal 로_particle 숨어요_direction 숨어요_move
directional	연기_goal 로_particle 돌진해요_direction 돌진해요_move
directional	컴퓨터_goal 로_particle 쏟아요_direction 쏟아요_move
directional	머리_goal 로_particle 끼얹어요_direction 끼얹어요_move
directional	불_goal 로_particle 뛰어들어요_direction 뛰어들어요_move
directional	포크레인_goal 으로_particle 올라타요_direction 올라타요_move
directional	몸_goal 으로_particle 스며요_direction 스며요_move
directional	지하철_goal 로_particle 걸어가요_direction 걸어가요_move
directional	트럭_goal 으로_particle 실어요_direction 실어요_move
directional	공항_goal 으로_particle 도착해요_direction 도착해요_move
directional	침대_goal 로_particle 기어가요_direction 기어가요_move
directional	활주로_goal 로_particle 출발해요_direction 출발해요_move
directional	냄비_goal 로_particle 튀어요_direction 튀어요_move
directional	부엌_goal 으로_particle 가져와요_direction 가져와요_move
directional	부산_goal 으로_particle 놀러가요_direction 놀러가요_move
directional	옷장_goal 으로_particle 들어가요_direction 들어가요_move
directional	공중_goal 으로_particle 뿌려요_direction 뿌려요_move
directional	화장실_goal 로_particle 달려가요_direction 달려가요_move
directional	다락방_goal 로_particle 올라가요_direction 올라가요_move
directional	허공_goal 으로_particle 날려요_direction 날려요_move
directional	공원_goal 으로_particle 걸어와요_direction 걸어와요_move
directional	언덕_goal 으로_particle 추락해요_direction 추락해요_move
directional	옷_goal 으로_particle 스며들어요_direction 스며들어요_move
directional	비탈_goal 로_particle 굴러가요_direction 굴러가요_move
directional	항구_goal 로_particle 돌아와요_direction 돌아와요_move
directional	논밭_goal 으로_particle 살포해요_direction 살포해요_move
directional	운동장_goal 으로_particle 달려와요_direction 달려와요_move
directional	바다_goal 로_particle 흘러가요_direction 흘러가요_move
directional	통로_goal 로_particle 지나가요_direction 지나가요_move
directional	복도_goal 로_particle 뛰어가요_direction 뛰어가요_move
directional	목욕탕_goal 으로_particle 뛰어와요_direction 뛰어와요_move
directional	변기_goal 로_particle 내뛰어요_direction 내뛰어요_move
directional	문_goal 으로_particle 내달려요_direction 내달려요_move
directional	옆사람_goal 으로_particle 옮아가요_direction 옮아가요_move
directional	세계_goal 로_particle 퍼져요_direction 퍼져요_move
directional	저리_goal 로_particle 물러가요_direction 물러가요_move
directional	시계탑_goal 으로_particle 모여요_direction 모여요_move
directional	숲_goal 으로_particle 흩어져요_direction 흩어져요_move
directional	물속_goal 으로_particle 끌어당겨요_direction 끌어당겨요_move
directional	어둠_goal 으로_particle 사라져요_direction 사라져요_move
directional	벽_goal 으로_particle 밀어붙여요_direction 밀어붙여요_move
directional	옥상_goal 으로_particle 피해요_direction 피해요_move
directional	호놀룰루_goal 로_particle 비행해요_direction 비행해요_move
directional	산_goal 으로_particle 도망가요_direction 도망가요_move
directional	경찰서_goal 로_particle 달아나요_direction 달아나요_move
directional	골목_goal 으로_particle 도망쳐요_direction 도망쳐요_move
directional	해외_goal 로_particle 도피해요_direction 도피해요_move
directional	외국_goal 으로_particle 내빼요_direction 내빼요_move
directional	친구네_goal 로_particle 놀러와요_direction 놀러와요_move
directional	시골_goal 로_particle 잠적해요_direction 잠적해요_move
directional	들판_goal 으로_particle 거닐어요_direction 거닐어요_move
directional	거리_goal 로_particle 탈주해요_direction 탈주해요_move
directional	저기_goal 로_particle 걷혀요_direction 걷혀요_move
directional	뒤_goal 로_particle 자빠져요_direction 자빠져요_move
directional	여기_goal 로_particle 넘어져요_direction 넘어져요_move
directional	앞_goal 으로_particle 고꾸라져요_direction 고꾸라져요_move
directional	저쪽_goal 으로_particle 거꾸러져요_direction 거꾸러져요_move
directional	땅속_goal 으로_particle 파묻어요_direction 파묻어요_move
directional	왼쪽_goal 으로_particle 구부러져요_direction 구부러져요_move
directional	땅_goal 으로_particle 엎드려요_direction 엎드려요_move
directional	하늘_goal 로_particle 샘솟아요_direction 샘솟아요_move
directional	위_goal 로_particle 솟아올라요_direction 솟아올라요_move
directional	사방_goal 으로_particle 뻗쳐요_direction 뻗쳐요_move
directional	옆쪽_goal 으로_particle 내뻗어요_direction 내뻗어요_move
directional	우주_goal 로_particle 튀어올라요_direction 튀어올라요_move
directional	강_goal 으로_particle 흘러들어요_direction 흘러들어요_move
instrumental	택시_tool 로_particle 가요_use 가요_employ
instrumental	비행기_tool 로_particle 날아가요_use 날아가요_employ
instrumental	배_tool 로_particle 탈출해요_use 탈출해요_employ
instrumental	밧줄_tool 로_particle 끌고와요_use 끌고와요_employ
instrumental	자동차_tool 로_particle 이동해요_use 이동해요_employ
instrumental	발_tool 로_particle 움직여요_use 움직여요_employ
instrumental	오토바이_tool 로_particle 질주해요_use 질주해요_employ
instrumental	사냥개_tool 로_particle 몰아요_use 몰아요_employ
instrumental	주전자_tool 로_particle 부어요_use 부어요_employ
instrumental	실_tool 로_particle 당겨요_use 당겨요_employ
instrumental	자석_tool 으로_particle 끌어요_use 끌어요_employ
instrumental	날개_tool 로_particle 날아와요_use 날아와요_employ
instrumental	지게_tool 로_particle 운반해요_use 운반해요_employ
instrumental	토잉카_tool 로_particle 견인해요_use 견인해요_employ
instrumental	수레_tool 로_particle 날라요_use 날라요_employ
instrumental	박스_tool 로_particle 옮겨요_use 옮겨요_employ
instrumental	엉덩이_tool 로_particle 밀어요_use 밀어요_employ
instrumental	입_tool 으로_particle 받아요_use 받아요_employ
instrumental	택배_tool 로_particle 수령해요_use 수령해요_employ
instrumental	내비게이션_tool 으로_particle 운전해요_use 운전해요_employ
instrumental	전기_tool 로_particle 회전해요_use 회전해요_employ
instrumental	커튼_tool 으로_particle 숨겨요_use 숨겨요_employ
instrumental	자전거_tool 로_particle 배달해요_use 배달해요_employ
instrumental	헬멧_tool 으로_particle 들이받아요_use 들이받아요_employ
instrumental	거울_tool 로_particle 비춰요_use 비춰요_employ
instrumental	천_tool 으로_particle 말아요_use 말아요_employ
instrumental	피부_tool 로_particle 느껴요_use 느껴요_employ
instrumental	감옥_tool 으로_particle 활용해요_use 활용해요_employ
instrumental	담요_tool 로_particle 감춰요_use 감춰요_employ
instrumental	소쿠리_tool 로_particle 담아가요_use 담아가요_employ
instrumental	건조기_tool 로_particle 말려요_use 말려요_employ
instrumental	가방_tool 으로_particle 가려요_use 가려요_employ
instrumental	창고_tool 로_particle 써요_use 써요_employ
instrumental	바닷물_tool 로_particle 만들어요_use 만들어요_employ
instrumental	이불_tool 로_particle 대신해요_use 대신해요_employ
instrumental	연기_tool 로_particle 둘러싸요_use 둘러싸요_employ
instrumental	컴퓨터_tool 로_particle 조작해요_use 조작해요_employ
instrumental	머리_tool 로_particle 부딪쳐요_use 부딪쳐요_employ
instrumental	불_tool 로_particle 삶아요_use 삶아요_employ
instrumental	포크레인_tool 으로_particle 부숴요_use 부숴요_employ
instrumental	몸_tool 으로_particle 말해요_use 말해요_employ
instrumental	지하철_tool 로_particle 출근해요_use 출근해요_employ
instrumental	트럭_tool 으로_particle 깔아뭉개요_use 깔아뭉개요_employ
instrumental	공항_tool 으로_particle 사용해요_use 사용해요_employ
instrumental	침대_tool 로_particle 바꿔요_use 바꿔요_employ
instrumental	활주로_tool 로_particle 대체해요_use 대체해요_employ
instrumental	냄비_tool 로_particle 뭉개요_use 뭉개요_employ
instrumental	부엌_tool 으로_particle 꾸며요_use 꾸며요_employ
instrumental	부산_tool 으로_particle 정해요_use 정해요_employ
instrumental	옷장_tool 으로_particle 막아요_use 막아요_employ
instrumental	설탕_tool 으로_particle 문질러요_use 문질러요_employ
instrumental	글자_tool 로_particle 설명해요_use 설명해요_employ
instrumental	깃털_tool 로_particle 건드려요_use 건드려요_employ
instrumental	색연필_tool 로_particle 칠해요_use 칠해요_employ
instrumental	주걱_tool 으로_particle 으깨요_use 으깨요_employ
instrumental	주먹_tool 으로_particle 때려요_use 때려요_employ
instrumental	아령_tool 으로_particle 운동해요_use 운동해요_employ
instrumental	손_tool 으로_particle 주물러요_use 주물러요_employ
instrumental	숟가락_tool 으로_particle 따요_use 따요_employ
instrumental	손가락_tool 으로_particle 가리켜요_use 가리켜요_employ
instrumental	비누_tool 로_particle 씻어요_use 씻어요_employ
instrumental	벽돌_tool 로_particle 쌓아요_use 쌓아요_employ
instrumental	뒤집개_tool 로_particle 뒤집어요_use 뒤집어요_employ
instrumental	기계_tool 로_particle 돌려요_use 돌려요_employ
instrumental	풀_tool 로_particle 붙여요_use 붙여요_employ
instrumental	삽_tool 으로_particle 파요_use 파요_employ
instrumental	면봉_tool 으로_particle 짜요_use 짜요_employ
instrumental	소금_tool 으로_particle 담궈요_use 담궈요_employ
instrumental	스케치_tool 로_particle 묘사해요_use 묘사해요_employ
instrumental	괴성_tool 으로_particle 표출해요_use 표출해요_employ
instrumental	기호_tool 로_particle 표시해요_use 표시해요_employ
instrumental	전자렌지_tool 로_particle 구워요_use 구워요_employ
instrumental	축구화_tool 로_particle 걷어차요_use 걷어차요_employ
instrumental	신호_tool 로_particle 나타내요_use 나타내요_employ
instrumental	바가지_tool 로_particle 퍼요_use 퍼요_employ
instrumental	젓가락_tool 으로_particle 덜어요_use 덜어요_employ
instrumental	믹서기_tool 로_particle 갈아요_use 갈아요_employ
instrumental	전화_tool 로_particle 이야기해요_use 이야기해요_employ
instrumental	장갑_tool 으로_particle 만져요_use 만져요_employ
instrumental	숯_tool 으로_particle 문대요_use 문대요_employ
instrumental	고추장_tool 으로_particle 비벼요_use 비벼요_employ
instrumental	비_tool 로_particle 쓸어요_use 쓸어요_employ
instrumental	철사_tool 로_particle 감아요_use 감아요_employ
instrumental	채찍_tool 으로_particle 후려쳐요_use 후려쳐요_employ
instrumental	흙_tool 으로_particle 메워요_use 메워요_employ
instrumental	가시_tool 로_particle 찔러요_use 찔러요_employ
instrumental	집게_tool 로_particle 꼬집어요_use 꼬집어요_employ
instrumental	바늘_tool 로_particle 쑤셔요_use 쑤셔요_employ
instrumental	물_tool 로_particle 적셔요_use 적셔요_employ
instrumental	붓_tool 으로_particle 발라요_use 발라요_employ
instrumental	이빨_tool 로_particle 물어뜯어요_use 물어뜯어요_employ
instrumental	잔소리_tool 로_particle 들볶아요_use 들볶아요_employ
instrumental	막대기_tool 로_particle 두들겨요_use 두들겨요_employ
instrumental	망치_tool 로_particle 무너뜨려요_use 무너뜨려요_employ
instrumental	곤봉_tool 으로_particle 난타해요_use 난타해요_employ
instrumental	마술_tool 로_particle 물리쳐요_use 물리쳐요_employ
instrumental	프린터_tool 로_particle 인쇄해요_use 인쇄해요_employ
instrumental	칼_tool 로_particle 깎아요_use 깎아요_employ
instrumental	지시봉_tool 으로_particle 짚어요_use 짚어요_employ
instrumental	걸레_tool 로_particle 청소해요_use 청소해요_employ
undetermined	종업원_entity 으로_particle 일해요_action
undetermined	과로_entity 로_particle 쓰러져요_action
undetermined	강제_entity 로_particle 시켜요_action
undetermined	아침저녁_entity 으로_particle 선선해요_action