directional	세탁기_goal 세탁기_location 로_particle 부어요_direction 부어요_move
directional	부산_goal 부산_location 으로_particle 가요_direction 가요_move
directional	활주로_goal 활주로_location 로_particle 끌고와요_direction 끌고와요_move
directional	침대_goal 침대_location 로_particle 밀어요_direction 밀어요_move
directional	공항_goal 공항_location 으로_particle 날아가요_direction 날아가요_move
directional	창고_goal 창고_location 로_particle 질주해요_direction 질주해요_move
directional	옷장_goal 옷장_location 으로_particle 날아와요_direction 날아와요_move
directional	부엌_goal 부엌_location 으로_particle 옮겨요_direction 옮겨요_move
directional	바닷물_goal 바닷물_location 로_particle 탈출해요_direction 탈출해요_move
directional	감옥_goal 감옥_location 으로_particle 배달해요_direction 배달해요_move
directional	허공_goal 허공_location 으로_particle 뿌려요_direction 뿌려요_move
directional	논밭_goal 논밭_location 으로_particle 스며들어요_direction 스며들어요_move
directional	숲_goal 숲_location 으로_particle 살포해요_direction 살포해요_move
directional	들판_goal 들판_location 으로_particle 흘러가요_direction 흘러가요_move
directional	세계_goal 세계_location 로_particle 퍼져요_direction 퍼져요_move
directional	화장실_goal 화장실_location 로_particle 피해요_direction 피해요_move
directional	경찰서_goal 경찰서_location 로_particle 도망쳐요_direction 도망쳐요_move
directional	왼쪽_goal 왼쪽_location 으로_particle 넘어져요_direction 넘어져요_move
directional	우주_goal 우주_location 로_particle 흩어져요_direction 흩어져요_move
directional	사방_goal 사방_location 으로_particle 튀어올라요_direction 튀어올라요_move
instrumental	담요_tool 담요_means 로_particle 숨겨요_use 숨겨요_employ
instrumental	소쿠리_tool 소쿠리_means 으로_particle 날라요_use 날라요_employ
instrumental	트럭_tool 트럭_means 로_particle 끌어요_use 끌어요_employ
instrumental	몸_tool 몸_means 로_particle 받아요_use 받아요_employ
instrumental	지하철_tool 지하철_means 으로_particle 이동해요_use 이동해요_employ
instrumental	포크레인_tool 포크레인_means 로_particle 들이받아요_use 들이받아요_employ
instrumental	냄비_tool 냄비_means 으로_particle 운반해요_use 운반해요_employ
instrumental	머리_tool 머리_means 으로_particle 회전해요_use 회전해요_employ
instrumental	컴퓨터_tool 컴퓨터_means 로_particle 운전해요_use 운전해요_employ
instrumental	천_tool 천_means 으로_particle 당겨요_use 당겨요_employ
instrumental	손가락_tool 손가락_means 으로_particle 문질러요_use 문질러요_employ
instrumental	흙_tool 흙_means 으로_particle 칠해요_use 칠해요_employ
instrumental	삽_tool 삽_means 으로_particle 쌓아요_use 쌓아요_employ
instrumental	색연필_tool 색연필_means 로_particle 표시해요_use 표시해요_employ
instrumental	숟가락_tool 숟가락_means 으로_particle 퍼요_use 퍼요_employ
instrumental	젓가락_tool 젓가락_means 으로_particle 비벼요_use 비벼요_employ
instrumental	바늘_tool 바늘_means 로_particle 찔러요_use 찔러요_employ
instrumental	깃털_tool 깃털_means 로_particle 발라요_use 발라요_employ
instrumental	곤봉_tool 곤봉_means 으로_particle 두들겨요_use 두들겨요_employ
instrumental	걸레_tool 걸레_means 로_particle 적셔요_use 적셔요_employ